these people are very very innocent
they're innocent
people they have cans of soup
soup and they throw the cans of soup
that's better than a brick because you
can't throw a brick it's too heavy
but a can of soup you can really put
some power into that right
and you have people coming over with
bags of big bags
and they lay it on the ground and the
anarchists take it and they start
throwing it
at our cops at our police
[Music]
and then when they get caught they say
no this is soup for my family
they're so innocent this is soup for my
family
somebody said last night one of these
protesters i saw him said
it's only water how could water hurt you
yeah
they don't say it's frozen in a bottle
the size of a football and they throw it
at the police
it's unbelievable
and if it hits you that's worse than a
break because it's got force
it's the perfect size it's like made
perfect
and when they get caught they say no
this is just
soup for my family and then the
media says this is just these people are
very very innocent
they're innocent people these are just
protesters
isn't it wonderful to allow protesting
and by the way the media knows it better
than we do they know what's going on i
don't know what's wrong with that
they're doing our country a tremendous
service also
but in cities all across our nation
we've seen our police officers so badly
so